# Directory Structure of Cuis Smalltalk

The directory structure of the Cuis release is designed to fulfill several goals:
- Make it easy for newcomers and casual users to download a single file and run Cuis.
- Make it also a Git repository, to make it easy to get new updates.
- Make it easy for advanced users to create custom setups.
- By default, keep the local Cuis repo free of user files so it doesn't get dirty.

The Cuis Repo (for any Stable Release) includes a 64 bit Cuis image, a small set of optional packages, and a Virtual Machine to let it run on the main PC platforms (Windows and Linux on 64 bit Intel, MacOS on ARM and Intel). It also includes a small selection of freely distributable TrueType fonts, any critical fixes created after the original release, and a few additional support files.

It can easily be downloaded from the [Dwonload ZIP](https://codeload.github.com/Cuis-Smalltalk/Cuis-Smalltalk-Dev/zip/refs/heads/master) option automatically generated by GitHub. Then, there is only one file to download, and the system is multiplatform.

The Git repo can also be cloned locally, to make it easy to pull updates.

Advanced users may run Cuis on other platforms. For this, in addition to the main 64 bit image, we provide 32 bit images in Spur and V3 format. Additional precompiled VMs are provided by https://opensmalltalk.org/ provides additional precompiled VMs, and also the source code to build your own.

(jmv)Elaborate on:
	DirectoryEntry cuisBaseDirectory
	DirectoryEntry projectBaseDirectory
	DirectoryEntry userBaseDirectory
-----
	DirectoryEntry currentDirectory
	DirectoryEntry smalltalkImageDirectory
	DirectoryEntry vmDirectory
---
(jmv)Definirlos. Decir cuando se usa cada uno. Aclarar cuales se pueden definir x linea de comando
-ud userDirectoryRelativeOrAbsolutePath
-udIsBase